1. Designation of boundaries

Section 1. The boundaries of the State of Arizona shall be as
follows, namely: Beginning at a point on the Colorado River twenty English
miles below the junction of the Gila and Colorado Rivers, as fixed by the
Gadsden Treaty between the United States and Mexico, being in latitude
thirty-two degrees, twenty-nine minutes, forty-four and forty-five one-
hundredths seconds north and longitude one hundred fourteen degrees,
forty-eight minutes, forty-four and fifty-three one -hundredths seconds west
of Greenwich; thence along and with the international boundary line between
the United States and Mexico in a southeastern direction to Monument Number
127 on said boundary line in latitude thirty-one degrees, twenty minutes
north; thence east along and with said parallel of latitude, continuing on
said boundary line to an intersection with the meridian of longitude one
hundred nine degrees, two minutes, fifty-nine and twenty-five one-hundredths
seconds west, being identical with the southwestern corner of New Mexico;
thence north along and with said meridian of longitude and the west boundary
of New Mexico to an intersection with the parallel of latitude thirty-seven
degrees north, being the common corner of Colorado, Utah, Arizona, and New
Mexico; thence west along and with said parallel of latitude and the south
boundary of Utah to an intersection with the meridian of longitude one hundred
fourteen degrees, two minutes, fifty-nine and twenty-five one-hundredths
seconds west, being on the east boundary line of the State of Nevada; thence
south along and with said meridian of longitude and the east boundary of said
State of Nevada, to the center of the Colorado River; thence down the
mid-channel of said Colorado River in a southern direction along and with the
east boundaries of Nevada, California, and the Mexican Territory of Lower
California, successively, to the place of beginning.

2. Alteration of state boundaries

Section 2. The legislature, in cooperation with the properly
constituted authority of any adjoining state, is empowered to change, alter,
and redefine the state boundaries, such change, alteration and redefinition to
become effective only upon approval of the Congress of the United States.
