ARTICLE XIX

MINES

(Version amended by 1992 Proposition 101)

The office of mine inspector is hereby established. The legislature
shall enact laws so regulating the operation and equipment of all mines in the
state as to provide for the health and safety of workers therein and in
connection therewith, and fixing the duties of said office. Upon approval of
such laws by the governor, the governor, with the advice and consent of the
senate, shall forthwith appoint a mine inspector, who shall serve until his
successor shall have been elected at the first general election thereafter and
shall qualify. Said successor and all subsequent incumbents of said office
shall be elected at general elections, and shall serve for four years. The
initial four year term shall be served by the mine inspector elected in the
general election held in November, 1994.

Article XIX

(Version amended by 1992 Proposition 107)

The office of mine inspector is hereby established. The legislature, at
its first session, shall enact laws so regulating the operation and equipment
of all mines in the state as to provide for the health and safety of workers
therein and in connection therewith, and fixing the duties of said office.
Upon approval of such laws by the governor, the governor, with the advice and
consent of the senate, shall forthwith appoint a mine inspector, who shall
serve until his successor shall have been elected at the first general
election thereafter and shall qualify. Said successor and all subsequent
incumbents of said office shall be elected at general elections, and shall
serve for a term of two years. No mine inspector shall serve more than four
consecutive terms in that office. No mine inspector, after serving the maximum
number of terms, which shall include any part of a term served, may serve in
the same office until out of office for no less than one full term. This
limitation on the number of terms of consecutive service shall apply to terms
of office beginning on or after January 1, 1993.
