1. Introduction in legislature; initiative petition;
   election

Section 1. Any amendment or amendments to this constitution may
be proposed in either house of the legislature, or by initiative petition
signed by a number of qualified electors equal to fifteen per centum of the
total number of votes for all candidates for governor at the last preceding
general election. Any proposed amendment or amendments which shall be
introduced in either house of the legislature, and which shall be approved by
a majority of the members elected to each of the two houses, shall be entered
on the journal of each house, together with the ayes and nays thereon. When
any proposed amendment or amendments shall be thus passed by a majority of
each house of the legislature and entered on the respective journals thereof,
or when any elector or electors shall file with the secretary of state any
proposed amendment or amendments together with a petition therefor signed by a
number of electors equal to fifteen per centum of the total number of votes
for all candidates for governor in the last preceding general election, the
secretary of state shall submit such proposed amendment or amendments to the
vote of the people at the next general election (except when the legislature
shall call a special election for the purpose of having said proposed
amendment or amendments voted upon, in which case the secretary of state shall
submit such proposed amendment or amendments to the qualified electors at said
special election,) and if a majority of the qualified electors voting thereon
shall approve and ratify such proposed amendment or amendments in said regular
or special election, such amendment or amendments shall become a part of this
constitution. Until a method of publicity is otherwise provided by law, the
secretary of state shall have such proposed amendment or amendments published
for a period of at least ninety days previous to the date of said election in
at least one newspaper in every county of the state in which a newspaper shall
be published, in such manner as may be prescribed by law. If more than one
proposed amendment shall be submitted at any election, such proposed
amendments shall be submitted in such manner that the electors may vote for or
against such proposed amendments separately.

2. Convention

Section 2. No Convention shall be called by the Legislature to
propose alterations, revisions, or amendments to this Constitution, or to
propose a new Constitution, unless laws providing for such Convention shall
first be approved by the people on a Referendum vote at a regular or special
election, and any amendments, alterations, revisions, or new Constitution
proposed by such Convention shall be submitted to the electors of the State at
a general or special election and be approved by the majority of the electors
voting thereon before the same shall become effective.
